So, do you have a favorite
subject in school?
I like the "fesh."
So good.
-You like the what?
-"Fesh."
Mmm.
[ Laughter ]
See, like "fesh" in the sea.
-Oh, fish.
-Yes!
Oh, fish. You like fish.
Yes.
I don't understand how fish
got in this conversation.
I'm trying to tie
the two together.
You like -- Oh, they serve fish
at the school?
-Yes.
-Oh, you like to have -- Oh.
-Oh, you eat --
-So, you cook the "fesh,"
and then you get it
on a plate and then you --
Hold it, hold it, partner.
It's fish. Fish.
-Say this, right?
-Fesh.
No. No.
-Fi--
-Eh.
No "eh, eh, eh."
It's -- Ah. Ah.
Not "fesh."
Fish.
-Yes. Yes, yes, yes, yes.
-Say it real quick, short.
Fesh.
We ain't --
We ain't gonna make it.
We ain't gonna make it, man.
-Eh, ss, shh.
-No, no, it's not "eh."
You don't teach me.
Listen to me, Oscar.
It's fish.
Fesh.
All right. So, what type
of "fesh" do you like?
I don't know what
kind of fesh it was!
Oh, okay. You don't know
what kind it is.
Do you know what kind it
is Mom -- Mum?
Just, like, fish and chips.
-Oh, fish and chips.
-Yes.
Oh, like French fries
with the --
-Definitely, yes.
-Yeah. There we go.
Now we talking.
[ Cheers and applause ]
That wasn't hard.
Hey, I got a list
of Scottish words
that you gonna tell me
what they mean.
Okay, you ready?
Boggin, b-o-g-g-i-n.
-Boggin.
-That means "seck."
-What?
-Seck.
You see, seck?
What is he --
[ Audience shouting
indistinctly ]
Not "sex," seck.
[six]
[ Laughter ]
-Like [Retching] Seck.
-Ooh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh, sick.
-Yes.
-Oh, okay. How about --
Go--
Goin' for a stoat?
-Huh?
-Is that it?
-Goin' for a stoat.
-Goin a stoat.
-Goin a stoat, yes.
-Goin a stoat. What is that?
That means going
for a wee walk.
I'm goin' for a stoat.
Yes.
♪ Going for a walk
♪ Going for a walk,
going for a walk, ♪
Come on, let's go and --
We're going for a stoat.
And then the last one --
canny.
Cannae.
-C--
-Ca-- Ah.
-Can't do it.
-Can't -- I can't do it, either.
[ Laughing ] No.
That's what it means.
"Can't do it."
Oh, that means can't do it?
"I cannae do it."
-No, I can't do it.
-I can't do it.
"I cannot do it.
Cannae do it."
Nope.
Can I tell you
something, Oscar?
I like you, man.
I like you, too.
Folks, you want
to see Oscar dance?
[ Cheers and applause ]
Harvey:
He's from Scotland,
and he's been Irish dancing
since he was 3.
America, please welcome Oscar!
[ Cheers and applause ]
♪♪♪
Yeah!
[ Cheers and applause ]
Everybody, let's
hear it for Oscar!